fix circular link on common breadcrumbs page (#4368)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/common/enriching-events/breadcrumbs.mdx

<PlatformContent includePath="enriching-events/breadcrumbs/before-breadcrumb" />

> For information about what can be done with the hint, see <PlatformLink to="/configuration/filtering/#using-hints">Filtering Events</PlatformLink>.

Author: ```suggestion
For information about what can be done with the hint, check out the **Using Hints** section of our <PlatformLink to="/configuration/filtering/">Filtering Events documentation</PlatformLink>.

<Note>

Hints do not apply for the Apple, .NET, and Unity SDKs.

</Note>
```
